Everyone sit down and do your best to put the seat belts on you, we will be moving very fast and you want to be holding on very tightly

Kirk finished canging the massive array of buttons, switches and levers that left even the curious Ksena speechless, the ship rocked as Kalani was outside attacking it

Ready to take of Kirk said into his headseat

Roger, opening main door, that banshee out there is attacking like crazy, we will need to be getting out of here s soon as you leave

alaRoger kirk replied

Alcuin watched as the door startd to open up, the ship rocked again as anothe ball of fire hit it, they could see the smoke through the open door

As soon as the door was fully open, Ksenda could see her sister flying outside

Hold n everyone kirk said, Alcion gripped his seat hard, the movement was still faster anyone expected as Kirk floored it, the jet taking of from the ship and just narrowly dodging the next fireball from Kalani,

Ksena wanted to turn her head to face towards Kalani and the ship but she couldn't move her head as the zero gs passed against, she ccouldn't see the human ship fly of in the opposite direction, or her sister go tumbling through the air at the prssure change

Okay Kirk called out, we have cleared her, she will not be able to catch up to us, she isn't that fast, he slowed the ship a little, enough that all the force wasn't pressing against them allowing Alcuin to breathe, the feeling was nt one he would soon forget

How long will it take to arrive Ksena yelled out

At our current speed it should only take an hour

That fast alcuin said as he tried to look out the plane and see the landscape, which was the wrong move for him and her had to cover his eyes placing his head between his legs as he recovered from the veritgo this ship was moving fast, a journey that would have taken them a month would be over in an hour, Alcuin was still unsure whic he prefered, the pressure still against his chest was painful, travel by foot would habe been much better

Eventually with his asceded powers they would learn how to fly like Kalani, Alcuin didn't think he would rush, Ksena o the other hand was loving itm ad couldn't wait to be able to fly for herself, this is something she would dfiantly be practising, hopefully the ascended they were going to visit would be able to teach them, between the two of them and katesh they should be able to handle her, and hopefully capture her before she can do any harm to anyone else

Ksena was still in shock about her sster, how could she do things like this, the sister she remembered was kind and gentle, the word the human had used this not describe her older sister, but she must be there somewhere and Ksena would rescue her and get to the bottom of all of this

Kirk kept the craft low through the canyon shadows, engines whining as he threaded rock spires that would have shredded the wings at full tilt. Behind them, Kalani's fire scorched the air in bright streaks, close enough that heat rolled through the cabin.

"She is learning the trajectory," Kirk shouted. "I need a disruption window."

Ksena unstrapped with effort, braced one hand against the frame, and opened the side observation hatch a crack. Wind knifed through the compartment. She reached into the slipstream and pushed a pulse of light down and right, turning dust into a false thermal bloom along the canyon floor.

Kalani took the bait for two seconds. It was enough.

Kirk slammed the throttle. The craft shot through a narrow split in the stone and climbed hard into cloud cover. By the time Kalani corrected, they were already beyond visual range.

Alcuin finally exhaled and sagged against his restraints, face pale from the acceleration. "Tell me we are done flying for today."

"Not a chance," Kirk muttered, eyes fixed on instruments. "But we are alive."

They touched down in a hidden ravine an hour later with engines ticking hot and everyone shaking from adrenaline. No one called it a victory. They had not beaten Kalani. They had escaped her.

Ksena stood on the landing strut and looked back toward the eastern sky where smoke still smeared the horizon. "She is faster than before," she said.

Alcuin joined her. "Then next time we do not rely on speed."

Kirk closed the hatch and keyed a silent beacon for friendly tracking only. "Next time," he said, "we pick the battlefield first."


