Ksena grandmother had finally gathered enough of her strength back, that it was time to start training, ahead of her was Ksena and Alcuin, as well as Estele and young guy from the village, and the ascendant from this power, she really wished they had more people but there was still a lot of distrust

So this would have to do for now, it was better nothing really with the different in age between these fresh youngsters and the city inhabitants they would need an army 10 times larger, this would be focused on targeted strikes, while they are still need they did have an advantage over a lot of the other ascendant, the crystal did as much to reduce the powers, only the elders who never used the crystal would be equal on 1 on 1 battle, but that's why they are gathered now, she would drill younglings in the basics of fighting with their powers so they can make the most use out of them, she still worried, Ksena father was powerful he was the first of the ascendant and the one that captured her, he did have to use her daughter to get her to come peacefully, but he was still much stronger, and she doubted he had been doing nothing the entire time, so if they did have to fight they would need to all fight him together, although she knew this wasn't likely to happen, even if they could beat everyone else in the village he would still have a advantage over them

The practise was going we'll thought the kids where naturals in using the powers, especially Ksena I guess being born as an ascendant make her out of everyone there the only true ascendant from the moment she was born, she was also trying extremely hard, she worried about her, would she push herself to far to get back at her father, she kept a close eye on her during the training, when she felt they where all suitably exhausted she called the end of training, Ksena wanted to keep going, but her grandmother could see she was at her limit, using her own delicate condition she managed to get Ksena to take her back to her room, and from there she was able to pull her into having something to eat, being elderly had some advantages and if it meant helping her look after her granddaughter she would take advantage of it

The rest where easy, only alcuin struggled to stop as well, but he would also see Ksena condition, even if she was stronger in pure ascension terms, everyone else body was more conditioned for long term exercise, but if he kept going she would do so he recluntly stopped for now and tok a breath with the rest of them

These powers were harder tocontrol he first expected, coating himself in flames was nearly natural, but pulling and using the power kinda meant telling your body cell by cell what you want to happen, the power would act sluggishly, which is why Ksena likely found it easier, even if not awakened her body was still second nature to her

For Ksena the training felt like finally getting to move a muscle she has alywas had, the power would burn through her fleames and it felt so right to her, she barly noticed when her grandmother wanted to stop, but as her concertration was broken, she nearly fel like she would collapse from the strain, she felt a bit better that everyone else seemed to be in a simliar condition, she had protecred to stoppping, but it was more out of insticy anything else, she didn't think she could light a match right now

Grandmother called the next morning session before sunrise, when fatigue stripped everyone down to honest habits.

"No theatrics," she told them. "Control first, output second."

They began with posture and breath, then moved into channeling drills that forced each recruit to hold a steady arc without flare. Ksena excelled at raw intensity but overreached when anger spiked. Alcuin compensated with precision, then lost endurance in longer sequences. Estele learned fastest in paired work, reading timing cues almost before they were signaled.

By midday, blisters and minor burns marked nearly every hand in the yard.

Grandmother ignored complaints and shifted to tactical movement: split formations, retreat corridors, civilian shielding. "Your power does not make you soldiers," she said. "Your choices do."

That line stayed with Ksena through the evening run. She had spent months chasing strength as if strength alone would solve betrayal. Now she understood why grandmother kept stopping her at the edge of collapse. Exhausted fighters made arrogant mistakes, and arrogant mistakes killed allies.

After supper, they ran one final silent drill under moonlight. No spoken commands, only hand signs and position changes across broken stone. They missed the sequence twice, reset, and ran it again until everyone could move as one line.

When the last repetition ended, grandmother leaned on her staff and gave a rare, thin smile. "Better," she said. "Not ready. Better."

Ksena accepted that verdict without protest. For once, improvement felt more important than pride.


