‘Kirk could you tell us more about humans? You came from a different planet could you describe what its like’
Kirk looked up and nodded ‘Well our planets are fairly similar, I would say ours is more blue, water covers most of the earths surface’
Are there any other species other humans?
Well humans are the only sentient species, we have creatures like monkeys and apes which are similar, but they are covered in fur and use only very rudimentary tools,
This trip will amaze everyone back on earth, knowing that two different sentient species shared a planet and this enemy of yours means we went from 1 to 4 in a very short space of time, which means the universe is likely full of allot more like we haven’t met yet.
Do you have any spaceships here’ kirk asked 
No Ksena nodded, ascendant don't need ships and Alcuin's use horses and carts for transport.
Thats interesting, I wonder when it stopped, when we arrived we found satellites floating around the planet
At the look of Ksena puzzled face kirk replied ‘Maybe there where from the invaders none of the ones we collected where active anymore’
Ksena nodded and looked thoughtful, 
is space interesting Alcuin asked?
Kirk nodded enthusiastically, space is very big and amazing, there are so many sites to see, although we didn’t actually get to see much
Wasn’t your trip a few years Ksena asked
Yes it was, but on the spaceship we have hibernation chambers, which basically freeze you and you sleep for the entire time 
Wow you slept for years, that must have felt like forever
Kirk shook his head, not really for me it felt like we where just about to start traveling here when they froze me, and when I opened my eyes again your planet was beneath us.
That is interesting, who flies the ship?
The ship for the most part is under autopilot, but there is a few crew members that don't sleep, and help maintain the ship
Your ship sounds pretty amazing
Mmhmm discovering that their was aliens out there, I think got everyone to work together on the planet, so the ship is really a representation of humans working together
Do humans fight each other? Ksena asked her eyes a little wide
We do have some history of conflict, for many different reasons, you seem quite lucky, it looks like your two species do not seem to have many conflicts
Alcuined replied, her species tends to keep to themselves and ours we havn’t had any major conflicts, most tribes are far enough apart we are independant and if there is any problems the wronged side will usually receive gifts to make up for it.
What if both sides feel wronged? 
both sides give eachother gifts, we like to give gifts, so usually even if its only one side both sides still usually get the gifts
What sort of gifts do you give?
Well good, materials, horses usually crafted goods are also popular
Sometimes the hunters will go out on a joint hunting trip and both tribes will meet up and we have a large party with whatever the hunters find
Sounds like a good life, how did you get exiled from that?
Alcuin looked away and Ksena looked down
I was exiled for failing my acesntion ritual, and they thought it might have been because I spent to much time with Alcuins tribe
So my city elders forced Alcuins tribe to exile someone, and they picked Alcuin which is all my fault
Before her ritual I did one of our village coming of age rituals on Ksena so thats why they singled me out
Kirk nodded, he could tell this was still a sore point between them
So what are you to trying to do now?
Ksena spoke up at that, well when my ritual failed I saw flashes of images and at the start we found a anicent screen that showed some of those images and also a map of the area from anicent times, so we are travelling to the locations to see if we can learn anything
But other that I do not really have anything, the city was the only place my people are located, and since I was exiled from my city the tribes nearby do not want anything to do with me, Alcuin is forced to travel with me to look after me