Kalani didn't think it would be this easy to get rid of her sister, as if she was going to share this power with anyone, it didn't even take much, a good luck wish, a hand grasp and sending her power flowing through into Ksena and sitting back and watching her sister ritual backfire, one failed attempt, Kalani wasn't sure why it even worked, she had a theory but she didn't have anyone else to practice it on, and even if it did, it would might have clued other people onto it

She was sure Ksena would have been just as powerful as her, enough to sense them although Kalani doubted she could do much about it either, she saw an unwilling pawn for them, eventually she would overturn it, but it was difficult to hide anything from them, while they couldn't mind read, answers had to be 100% truth and she had to do what they command.

Kalani was quite happy Ksena had been exiled, she keep a track of her sister's progress out in the wilds, her sister is doing exactly what she would have expected, looking for an answer, and when she found it Kalani would be there

The added conflict with these new creatures didn't even bother her. They had powerful technology but still easy to shoot out of the sky and their invasions have kept the elders busy and given Kalani many chances to go out into the world; they were nothing insects; she was sure she could wipe them out; she had been testing the descriptive uses of her powers, that tribe died so easily, one wave of her hand and the entire tribe was roast, it had been too easy, sure she had been admonished for it, but by the time she was finished talking to the elders they had come around a little, the savages would only get in the way in the next war and they needed to be prepared to fight these humans and burn their ships to the ground.

Kalani watched the council chamber empty and smiled only when the doors sealed behind the last elder. They still believed they were governing beside her. They had no idea they were being measured for usefulness.

From the upper balcony she could see the city patrol lines tightening around every gate and supply lane. Good. Fear made people predictable. She sent one final order through the crystal network and felt the response ripple back through hundreds of minds. If Ksena wanted to challenge her, she would have to do it on a board Kalani had already arranged.


