She sat before the elder; the elder wore her power heavily around her, her back bent as if struggling to hold the power upright, but Ksena could tell she was powerful, more than her sister or mother, Ksena knew despite her age or because of it she could take on a whole battalion of fighters from her city, but she hadn’t why not and why was she outside of the city and such powerful.
‘Please tell me why are you not in the city’ Ksena asked, her eyes wide with astonishment. ‘The city is not a place for me to belong. it’s fallen and corrupt’

‘I don't understand, how is the city corrupt? It was the final and last standing city of our people after the war’
‘I wish that was true’ she sighed and looked Ksena directly ‘it was among the last of our cities, before the city inhabitants wiped out the other cities after the war’
‘They wiped out. Why?’
‘We were losing the war, it was going badly and we discovered the ability to ascend, using this power we could drive the enemy into submission, they were many but no longer a threat to us, for some of us that was enough, we had won and been changed into something greater, but for others it was not enough they wanted to wipe out every enemy of the face of the world, to do this the eldest among them forced an Ascension to happen and not only happen but also bind the new ascended to there will’
‘You wondered why they kicked you out, with no reason given? It was because you had failed to be controlled. The ritual performed by Alcuin stopped your mind from being taken over by force.’
Ksena looked aghast. This was not what she was. Expecting her people's mind controlled. Enslaved, it couldn’t be. Hers was the greatness people in the land.
‘I don't understand. If I am not ascended, why would they care about it? I failed the ritual so I can’t become ascended.
The elder laughed at that ‘It’s because you are already party ascended already, you haven’t been trained to use your powers, to be shown how to tap into them, but it’s happened, your parents are both ascending and your ascended, even if they don't teach you, you may have learned and without the limits on your powers they could not control you.
‘Why banish me. why not just kill me’
You are a first, an unknown it’s never happened before and unless they test you and your limits they will never know, after your powers manifest they would send someone or a group to hunt you down and kill you, even now they are watching you, and me as I reveal this truth’
But that means that I am now in danger.. ‘Yes it does, next time you meet them if your power hasn’t grown beyond theirs they will probably kill you,’
What about you aren’t you in danger now, I, am but I am. old my time has come and gone; it is not worth their time to attack. Me now they have tried and failed too many times already.
Before they left, the elder gripped Ksena's wrist and forced her to meet her eyes.

"They are already counting your steps," she said. "Do not walk where they expect."

Ksena nodded once. Alcuin memorized the alternate trail the elder sketched into the dust, then wiped it away with his boot.

They departed before sunrise, not because they were ready, but because waiting would only make them easier to find.
