Alcuin could feel a set of eyes on his back as they traveled through the plains, it wasn’t an animal and he didn’t sense any malicious intent, but whoever was following them was just as good at tracking, or they knew where he was heading, which he doubted they had not spoken to anyone about it, he considered leaving Ksena and going to hunt their hunter but he didn’t entirely trust her alone out here, so for now he would just have to ignore it.
Are you okay, Ksena asked? You seem distracted?
It’s nothing, just a headache, he didn’t see any reason to let her know about being followed, not until he had more information
I think we are getting close to the next temple, perhaps this time I will guard it and you can go inside and do the ritual
Ksena peered at Alcuin, enough to make him feel unforgettable, or I can come in if you really want too
I do Ksena smiled at Alcuin, Yes please, I don't think I could go deep into the temple alone
Alcuin glanced around, whoever was following them was close enough to hear, he was sure he heard some movement, but he couldn’t narrow it down any further, whoever was following would reveal themselves eventually, shrugging his pack into a better position, we should get going, your temple awaits.
Maera fell flat against the ground behind the rock, trust Alcuin to hear the scrape of her clothing against the rock, that witch, she did not want to leave Alcuin with even a moment not by her side; she was defiantly the one responsible for getting Alcuin kicked out of the village, Maera cursed herself that she was out hunting, it was only a week after when she had returned from her every successful trip that she found out what had happened, ignoring the village elder who kicked her out and her family, she had straight away packed her bags and set off after Alcuin, Alcuin was no easy target to track, he naturally took steps to hide his passing, if that witch wasn’t with him, Maera didn’t think she would even be able to catchup to them, Alcuin could make allot better distance if he didn’t have the dead weight with him.
Maera didn’t understand, how could he leave the village with her, even if she got him exiled that didn’t mean he had to travel with her, it was like she was using him as a pack animal to carry their things
Maera clenched her fists and slowly looked out over the rock, they were headed for some temple, Alcuin had never been the spiritual type, so she doubted he would have any reasons to visit, and even after he asked to be left outside, the witch insisted he come along, Maera felt her blood boil, as soon as she could she was going to get Alcuin alone and speak to him, she didn’t want what he said to be influenced by that witch, hopefully he will listen to reason and he can leave the witch to her temple tour, and her and Alcuin could go find a new tribe to join or start a new one, Maera blushed at the thought
They were now leaving, heading to this temple. Maera had to be extra careful. Alcuin was surely onto her, but as long as she would be careful, he had never caught onto her before back at the tribe, so now should be fine as well.
Gathering her pack, Maera slowly moved in the direction they needed, keeping an eye out for signs of movement, or traps if Alcuin was trying to find her, but it was easy going even with not knowing the location they were heading, Maera wanted to stay close anyway just if they ran into any danger, she knew Alcuin could take care of himself, but with that witch he might do something silly to protect her, Maera had found the stop they had the scuffle with the wolfs, although she couldn’t find a way past the door, she had worried they had entered it, but she had found the other exit with a bit of scouting, and had been able to pickup there trail
Alcuin wanted to double back, he knew if he tried he could catch the person hunting them the pace they were setting was also quite slow compared to Alcuin's normal hunting speed, so the tracker would follow them easily, maybe they had crossed into another tribes area and was being watched, it might be possible especially with Ksena in tow, she would attract a lot of attention they would especially be careful if Alcuin was headed towards the village with Ksena he was sure they would stopped before they even got within eyesight of the village and had their intentions made clear, that is prob the likely outcome, Alcuin didn’t know of any tribes in this area, he had never traveled that far away from home, it was a little colder and he had only to see some wildlife, but enough for a small tribe out here to support themselves, especially if they have such a good tracker to follow him.

They saw the smoke well before they found the village, at first Alcuin though the fire was from the tribes bonfire, but when they could see the village, it was not the case at first there pace speed up, before long Alcuin was running hard towards the village, leaving Ksena behind who was struggling to keep up
None of the structured survived, where the tribe was down a blacked hole, only the stumps remained, and the villagers only bones remained, whatever happened here had killed everyone, Alcuin looked towards where he thought the person trailing them was, if it was their village destroyed surly they would come down, but nothing
Ksena finally arrived at the village. Huffing out of breath, she could only survey the devastation. What or who had done this? The village was destroyed. We need to look for survivors, Ksena said, still trying to catch her breath.
Alcuin shook his head. This fire wasn’t new, this village was destroyed at least over a week ago, the wood store is the only thing still smoking.
Maybe that person was from the tribe and is trying to find out who destroyed the fire. They might wait to see some kind of evidence.
Alcuin, what should we do for this village?
Alcuin shook his head. Whoever was out there would come out in their own time.
There is nothing we can do now. Alcuin brought his hands up in a gesture of prayer. He wasn’t spiritual but the enormous loss of life here. He hoped the spirits of the people where could find peace.
Let’s keep going to this temple, we don't know who destroyed this village, for all we know the person who destroyed the village did so because a villager went to the temple, and we don't want to hang around here, your ascendant and they use the power of flames, another passerby might think you did it and attack before asking questions
Ksena nodded and also did a quick prayer for the village
Let's go Alcuin said, and they needed off
Trailing behind them Maera had some time to recover after seeing the destroyed tribe, she nearly went down, but when there was nothing she could do, just watch and try to find information, Maera kept an eye out for anyone else that might watch as well, but the landscape seemed dead
It was that witch's fault she was sure of it, or someone from her city, it had to none of her people could do something like this, why, was it related to this temple they were heading towards, Maera felt more on edge now than ever, she needed to get Alcuin away from that witch before It was too late, and he was also killed like those villagers down there, burnt alive, Maera shivered at the ugly thought away, she would protect Alcuin even if it was one of those witches, they would bleed just like anything else.

Maera tossed up how to attract Alcuin without getting company, she wanted to talk to him but how, that witch followed like a lost puppy Maera finally settled o a way, she would find a spot to met and leave some signals for Alcuin to read, hopefully he would have the sense to leave her behind with meeting with his own people especially considering where that witch belonged, this would work, Alcuin knows he is being followed and he would be cautious

Alcuin found the first mark with one raised eye, after their tracker had been following along, why now to leave a mark, is it because they left the village, or because they are getting closer to the temple, Alcuin didn’t let Ksena know about the marks, he didn’t want to worry her, after traveling for a while, he found two marks, one suggested a good campsite and it was, there was a river nearby for fresh water, it also pointed out a direction
Alcuin spoke to Ksena, and they set up camp early. It was a little early, but the water made it a suitable spot.
Once the camp was setup Alcuin grabbed his hunting gear
Ksena, I am going to catch us some game. I shouldn't be long. Do not leave the fire’s safety.
Ksena nodded and sat near the fire. She was glad for the break; the village had been weighing heavily on her mind and not to mention how exhaustive the trip was for her with no pressure it would still be a huge trip, she could sense something was wrong with Alcuin, but he didn’t want to tell her, she knew the village was weighing heavily on him as well; it was his people attached. Could they also aim for his village? Surely her people would guard them.. But if they were somehow the cause..
Ksena tried to relax by the fire and ended up going and getting water from the river and setting it to boil, they hadn’t eaten well for a while, maybe Ksena could cook up a meal, she was still learning how to cook but how bad could it go.